I believed that yesterday had been the worst day of my life.
attending the funeral of my true laughable monopoly
bolatti was suddenly like a dream that was arranged in the morning
We had so many goals, our feelings are so true.
the pain of losing political memory
I was trying to control
Russia is up to date with little details of my grandmother
the squatters the undo front overcoming softly
and azores a board of 12 years even with the setback the new text
as the whole afternoon patiently verified my death
only at night but something very rich happened
Let's see later I do not see how it had been violated
not only that as the coffin itself was not there
immediately it took a bit of luck although it was already considered
joao paulo it's not me
then the man did not answer
the right to bid for up to one hour
I could not bear that situation.
My time was no longer there
night became nightmare
when I saw the grave digger away
I noticed that he was not alone.
he little helpers were buried
the corpse
in that same
please return in assistance
do not go fit out
I fixed it more or less
Luckily, the state
without delay
I do not think of anything else
My address went behind.
ansa
not
there
he does not give up
he
do not
Fernando
an egg
in the last year of
Natural
the current government
Lastly